Add redesigned connector implementation (#87)
ballerina-platform/module-salesforce: src/sfdc48/Module.md

## Module Overview

The Salesforce connector allows you to perform CRUD operations for SObjects, query using SOQL, search using SOSL, and

> describe SObjects and organizational data through the Salesforce REST API. Also it supports adding bulk data jobs and batches of types JSON, XML and CSV via Salesforce Bulk API. It handles OAuth 2.0 authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describe SObjects and organizational data through the Salesforce REST API. Also, it supports adding bulk data jobs and batches of types JSON, XML, and CSV via the Salesforce Bulk API. It handles OAuth 2.0 authentication.
```

## Compatibility
|                     |    Version     |
|:-------------------:|:--------------:|
| Ballerina Language  | 1.2.0          |
| Salesforce API      | v48.0          |

## Supported Operations

**Base Client Operations**

> The base client of the Salesforce connector takes the Salesforce configurations in and creates other clients such as Sobject client, Query client and Bulk client. This also has some operations to retrieve available API versions and resources from Salesforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base client of the Salesforce connector takes the Salesforce configurations in and creates other clients such as the SObject client, Query client, and Bulk client. This also has some operations to retrieve the available API versions and resources from Salesforce.
```

**SObject Operations**

The `ballerinax/sfdc48` module contains operations related to standard and customized SObjects. It can get, create, update, and delete SObjects via SObject IDs.

**SOQL & SOSL Operations**

> The `ballerinax/sfdc48` module contains operations that query using SOQL and search using SOSL. This allows for complex 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/sfdc48` module contains operations, which query using SOQL and search using SOSL. This allows complex 
```

operations using SObjects relationships.

**Bulk Operations**

> The `ballerinax/sfdc48` module support bulk data operations for CSV, JSON and XML data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ballerinax/sfdc48` module supports bulk data operations for CSV, JSON, and XML data types.
```

import ballerina/config;
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/log;
import ballerinax/sfdc48;

// Create Salesforce client configuration by reading from config file.

> sfdc46\8:SalesforceConfiguration sfConfig = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sfdc48:SalesforceConfiguration sfConfig = {
```

Author: done

};

> // Create salesforce client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create Salesforce client.
```

sfdc48:BaseClient baseClient = new(sfConfig);

> // Create sobject client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create an SObject client.
```
